We've looked at interpreted code, we've looked at compiled code.
The question is now, um, what's better?
And with most things in life, there's not one clear answer.
Which ones best? Well, they both have their "goods" and they both have their "bads".
Um, so compiled code, as you can imagine, is optimized for the CPU.
And as such, it's quicker generally, and you don't have to send your source code to other people so
you can keep it very tight and secretive. You've
got disadvantages with compilers as well, though.
And the biggest disadvantage is that if you compile on a PC, that executable file that's generated
won't typically work on a Mac.
So in fact, it often needs to be compiled separately for different kinds of CPU, even on the same platform.
And when you're having to write code and compile for different CPUs, that's an extra step.
So it takes you more time, and time is money.
So then, lets look at interpret code. Interpreted code
on the other hand, the biggest benefit by far, is that you don't really care what kind of machine is
on the other end, because you are not providing the machine could with an interpreted language, you
are just sending the source code and you let the other side take care of it so it can be more portable
and more flexible across platforms.
This is what makes it so dynamic and awesome.
But it also has its downsides.
The quid pro quo is that everyone has to have an interpreter installed on their machine that can actually
convert that source code into machine code.
It can also be a bit slower because you have to interpret every time the program is run.
And yes, the source code is public because you're sending it to everyone who needs to run the program.
And as you guessed it, JavaScript is an interpreted language machine code.
It can also be a bit slower because you have to interpret every time the program is run.
(sorry, repetition error here) And yes, the source code is public because you're sending it to everyone who needs to run the program.
And as you guessed us, JavaScript is an interpreted language machine.